[SPEAKER_00]: I still go to arcades, well, an arcade, because Round 1 exists near me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Atari is hyping up bringing life back to arcades, partnered with Allen 1, their new cabinets are planned to integrate redemption, and local arcade competition featuring notifications to your phone if your high score has been toppled.
[SPEAKER_00]: A nice addition if the arcade has good prizes and the game is worth playing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm interested, but will try not to let my brain get ahead of reality.
[SPEAKER_00]: Give life back to arcades, now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Somers, and Loki to tell you more about their story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hello my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 996 of our show for tonight, March the 17th of 2024.
[SPEAKER_03]: Happy St.
[SPEAKER_03]: Patrick's Day to those of you out there that celebrate it or as some people call it happy straight pride because that's also what today is for some people.
[SPEAKER_03]: Y'all asked, y'all asked when straight pride?
[SPEAKER_03]: Here you go.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's today.
[SPEAKER_03]: Congratulations.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't drink and drive.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, my name is Rob Roberts and I'm here joining you every week with my co host say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_11]: So there's actually a tradition that not a lot of people know about for St.
[SPEAKER_11]: Patrick's Day.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you are Catholic, you wear green.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you are Protestant, you wear orange.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, really?
[SPEAKER_03]: Are we Protestant lounge radio then tonight or what?
[SPEAKER_11]: This bitch is Goth and Jewish as fuck.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm wearing black.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like, I'm not wearing any green today.
[SPEAKER_03]: In fact, I'm actually wearing one of the old VOG Network shirts because I love this jersey.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just ask yourself, would Dolores do it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, what I'm asking myself is maybe I want to be pinched.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have you all ever thought about that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, I'd be like, would Dolores do it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Hi Loki, how are you?
[SPEAKER_03]: Pretty good.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love your throwback video tonight because of course we do tape live every Sunday night, holiday or not, at the Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network VOG Network at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
[SPEAKER_03]: And if you are watching us live, sometimes we have cute little things going on in the background like DarkSakura exists as a cartoon character in Super Metroid.
[SPEAKER_03]: She is the last Metroid.
[SPEAKER_03]: in captivity live during the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: Bullshit on in captivity.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I'm letting those tentacles go free.
[SPEAKER_03]: Loki likes to have some video game footage, of course, appropriately running behind him as we tape live.
[SPEAKER_03]: And tonight is the one and only fantastic Super Mario RPG.
[SPEAKER_03]: What what brought this to remake?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, this is because I've run out of games.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know what's sad?
[SPEAKER_03]: I still have not gotten around to the remake still.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a technicality because I haven't done this one yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: OK, fair enough.
[SPEAKER_03]: All good.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, anyway, I hope everybody out there is doing fantastic.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you as always for being here for us taping our show.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, we are only four episodes away from episode 1000.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't want to set the bar too high.
[SPEAKER_03]: We do not have some stunt AAA guest or excuse me, quadruple A guest on the show or anything like that coming.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're not we're not that kind of operation.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thanks for tuning in.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're still doing what we do here every week as we've done it since 2002, talking about video games, gaming culture, gamer lifestyle, with the occasional tangent train, just the occasional spare usage of a tangent train that goes somewhere completely fucking different.
[SPEAKER_03]: So anyway, we'll see what happens tonight.
[SPEAKER_03]: But let's get into some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_03]: And we're going to start off with Loki kicking us off tonight.
[SPEAKER_03]: I got to say, though,
[SPEAKER_03]: this is I'm just gonna be be real I don't think this would have been the kickoff topic any other week the news the news feels very I don't as it has been for the last couple weeks it feels very sparse I don't know what's up with that I don't feel like this time of year is very light on video game news but I feel and it's not to say there isn't anything going on because of course we still have a bunch of things to talk about but I don't feel like we've been getting big announcements and maybe that was all of us anticipating a Switch successor getting announced by now because
[SPEAKER_03]: you know, hypothetically, that should have been announced by now.
[SPEAKER_03]: But you know, we've all heard the rumors about the 2025 delay, which seems more and more likely at this point.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I don't know, did everybody else move their stuff to?
[SPEAKER_03]: But this this time of year is feeling very barren when it comes to a lot of the big, big headlines.
[SPEAKER_03]: But that's not to say there aren't things making headlines, including one of the big announcement shows we can expect in a few months, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_07]: Right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: So basically, Jeff Keighley is in the spotlight right now just because of people were expecting him to make a comment about all the different, you know, layoffs that have been going on in the industry.
[SPEAKER_07]: They were hoping, I think, that that would happen during the Game Awards.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I could understand why that didn't because of, you know, the game companies
[SPEAKER_07]: involvement with the Game Awards but in the case he's made a comment three months later I guess saying you know hey it's a heartbreaking time in the gaming industry with layoffs impacting developers who bring us joy so I wanted to signal boost Amir Savat and he's built a directory of 6,800 plus job candidates 2,100 mentors and even mock interview matchmaking
[SPEAKER_07]: and a link to the website.
[SPEAKER_07]: Great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Glad you're doing that now.
[SPEAKER_07]: But, you know, I think folks are hoping that he would make more of a statement about it earlier on.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just don't know what really one person can do.
[SPEAKER_03]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not sure what the expectation was.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I can say this because I want to be fair, too, is that, you know, I don't want to make it sound like, oh, he can't do anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: He is in a tricky position, though.
[SPEAKER_03]: He is right now, he's the gaming industry's hype person, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: He's big time, the gaming industry's hype person.
[SPEAKER_03]: And in order to be able to do that successfully and get the announcements, he can't like go around burning all his bridges and say like, oh man, EA fucked up and now has to lay off these people.
[SPEAKER_03]: That sucks for EA because that the realistic, whether you like it or not, the realistic answer to that is that then that maybe potentially makes EA more hesitant to work with him because he might say something crappy.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I understand people's frustrations.
[SPEAKER_03]: I do like what he did, elevating a resource for people seeking jobs.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I do feel like he could have done that sooner.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like he didn't have to talk bad about the industry.
[SPEAKER_03]: He could have elevated these types of resources sooner.
[SPEAKER_03]: That part I will agree with, but I'm not sure otherwise what people realistically expected him to do.
[SPEAKER_03]: He can't call out companies.
[SPEAKER_03]: He's not in a position to be able to do that.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yes, he should have been elevating these sorts of things sooner.
[SPEAKER_08]: He has to play that political game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Certainly, and I'm not sure if necessarily he's, you know, made any sort of comments kind of like, you know, you can still make comments about the situation without, like, outright saying, you know, well, game companies, you got to do better, you know, like, he could have been like, hey, I'm disappointed to see all these layoffs going on in the industry, you know, type of thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you could have said that, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he did.
[SPEAKER_03]: He did say, and I think part of what kind of set the expectation for that was the year at the Game Awards where he opened it up condemning, you know, a lot of the bullshit that was going on in the industry at the time with, you know, anti-minority stuff and, you know, the horrible culture that people like Bobby Kotick were enabling when they were at the heads of the companies and stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right.
[SPEAKER_03]: He did come out and speak out against that.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I think ever since then, there's been an expectation, oh, he's going to open the Game Awards every year, speaking out against something.
[SPEAKER_03]: But that's not really like, again, I think it also just goes to show how important that message was to do that particular year.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's not to say these other messages aren't important.
[SPEAKER_03]: But at the same time, he can't start off the Game Awards every single year with a downer.
[SPEAKER_03]: or else people are going to be less likely to work with him.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's that's again, as DarkSakura used the word political.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: It sucks, but it's what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: He also did announce a day later that Summer Games Fest is going to be coming this year, June 7th at 2 p.m.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pacific, 5 p.m.
[SPEAKER_07]: Eastern.
[SPEAKER_07]: And also that live tickets are available if you want to see that live in person at the I believe it's
[SPEAKER_07]: YouTube Theater in Los Angeles
[SPEAKER_03]: the name just won't stick that reminds me of y'all y'all have heard me rant about Arco Arena on this show right our local sports stadium or former sports it is now a pile of rubble forever in our hearts Arco Arena the beam from the Sacramento Kings comes from a brand new arena that's downtown but you know you always hear me talk about Arco Arena so at some point and that place was called Arco Arena which Arco was a big gas station thing if you didn't know for the last like for like 20 years
[SPEAKER_03]: And then one day, they decided to change the naming rights to, um, what was it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh, Power Balance Pavilion, which is the stupidest name I've ever heard because, you know what, do you remember what Power Balance was?
[SPEAKER_03]: issues.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was those fucking bracelets.
[SPEAKER_03]: You remember the bracelets that were supposed to like bring you?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't I don't know what the fuck I was supposed to do.
[SPEAKER_03]: But they were obviously all a rip off.
[SPEAKER_03]: And somehow that company sponsored the fucking sports arena, which shows you how broke the Kings were at the time.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there was that and then then it was sleep train for a hot minute until mattress firm bought them and the thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's that place kept changing names too.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I was like, they're never gonna call this anything but Arcorita ever.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bob Coffey is pointing out that the Microsoft Theater is now the Peacock Theater.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ah, I thought that was now the YouTube Theater, that same one.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, so I'm being corrected.
[SPEAKER_03]: The YouTube Theater is near the Ram Stadium in Inglewood.
[SPEAKER_03]: My bad.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it isn't.
[SPEAKER_03]: And do you know why I assumed that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because that would have been the location that was prime spot for E3, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: That was the LA Live that they had built just next door basically to the convention center.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I made that assumption that it was there because that's where E3 had always been.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I suppose
[SPEAKER_03]: Now that there's no beholdenness to E3, they can get a cheaper venue out in Inglewood, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: So maybe with better parking.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know the situation down there.
[SPEAKER_03]: So and I doubt I'll be able to go to this.
[SPEAKER_03]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: The OUYA Theater?
[SPEAKER_03]: What?
[SPEAKER_03]: The OUYA Theater.
[SPEAKER_11]: The Phantom Theater.
[SPEAKER_03]: The N-Gage Theater presents.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nokia presents the N-Gage theater.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's where this show is broadcast live from the N-Gage studio.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, that's I mean, Summer Game Fest should be interesting this year.
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel like there's a lot of holiday things we really have no inclination about at this point.
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel like we're going to get a lot of interesting surprises.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the fact that there is no more of this like E3's
[SPEAKER_03]: Spectre roaming around like a weekend at Bernie's.
[SPEAKER_03]: E3 Bernie is not roaming around placing the shadow on the thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: What I mean by that is that I think there's going to be a lot of companies that time big announcements with Summer Game Fest as kind of used to be done with E3.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I kind of expect, and I don't want to set the bar too high, but I sort of expect the Summer Game Fest
[SPEAKER_03]: It already had some decently sized announcements, but I think it's going to get way bigger this year without any sort of E3 formal thing or figment of imagination.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's not to say we will likely we will probably also have a Microsoft event around that time.
[SPEAKER_03]: We will probably have a Sony event and a Nintendo Direct around that time.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I just I feel like we're gonna get a lot bigger announcements out of Summer Game Fest than we usually get.
[SPEAKER_03]: So this will be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: And what's what's also interesting about this is there's no awards.
[SPEAKER_03]: So we don't have to worry about this whole thing where people are always like, why do they they cut the runtime on the speeches and they do all this there's there's no awards to distract from the game announcements, which and don't get me wrong.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love the game awards.
[SPEAKER_03]: But how many of you that were complaining about that tuned into the DICE Awards?
[SPEAKER_03]: I can tell you, not nearly as many, because there weren't as many people live on Twitch watching the DICE Awards as there were the Game Awards.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I digress.
[SPEAKER_03]: So Summer Game Fest is, you know, all the announcement stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: without having to compete with the awards thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: If Kojima takes a 15-minute segment, then so be it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Though I would think, interestingly enough, as a backlash to the last thing, I think Kojima's presence will be minimal.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think there'll be maybe an update trailer or something, maybe like a Death Stranding 2.
[SPEAKER_07]: Another Death Stranding 2 trailer?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh joy!
[SPEAKER_03]: Release date, maybe?
[SPEAKER_03]: Trailer
[SPEAKER_03]: And every time they teased it, they had to show something new.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then it ended up being these half-baked conceptual ideas that weren't ready yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, obviously, the game is in a much different place now.
[SPEAKER_03]: We all know that.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the things that they promised originally, they've now delivered on all this time later.
[SPEAKER_03]: But at the time, it was a disaster express, and it was too much hype.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hurt the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I think that's something I feel like the industry still hasn't figured out, is that too much
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you all so much for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my game's not profitable.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I, you know, with AAA or AAAA, you know, we're spending so much money on this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, maybe advertise it a whole hell lot less four years in advance of it coming out.
[SPEAKER_07]: How about that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, does it matter that I'm hyped up for Death Stranding 2 now if it doesn't come out until like the end of the next year or something like that?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like,
[SPEAKER_07]: who cares?
[SPEAKER_07]: Stop wasting money.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, so yeah, a lot of announcements.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I feel like a lot of news maybe we'd be talking about now.
[SPEAKER_03]: I guess we're gonna have to wait for Summer Game Fest to hear instead.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, so looking forward to it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it'll be interesting to see how Jeff Keighley kind of continues to navigate this fine line of don't piss off the industry, but also support the people working in the industry.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right?
[SPEAKER_03]: So, you know, he doesn't he doesn't have an easy job.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't envy him.
[SPEAKER_03]: E3VL mentions Grand Theft Auto 6.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe, you know, that's obviously huge.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, that's eventually coming out whenever, you know, eventually when it's when it's good and done and not a moment sooner.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, let's talk about the types of video games we've been playing this week in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
[SPEAKER_03]: And DarkSakura, we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_03]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_11]: It was alright.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's been a busy week with training at work.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I did play some Dead by Daylight with Fixie, and it was pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: I got the new DLC came out, so of course I adapted Sable.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I probably am going to be working on the unknown tonight, the new killer, although I still refer to it as Nobody the Cheerleader.
[SPEAKER_11]: Did you know that the voice actor for The Unknown is a transgender woman who is doing both the male and female roles?
[SPEAKER_11]: as I was going to say.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_11]: But yeah, I think that that's really awesome.
[SPEAKER_11]: And also, I think today I watched a video by MintSkull, who's someone I generally enjoy his videos, who really went off on the people who are being complete transphobes over this.
[SPEAKER_11]: So fuck you if you were a transphobe, you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, there was a weird little bump in the road because she apparently took some issue with some things Behavior did.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not going to go into detail because she ended up deleting whatever she had posted.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have the post.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but but I have a picture of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: She asked for it to be pulled.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm not going to repeat it.
[SPEAKER_11]: So but there's even sounds to me like it was anything that completely about treatment.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was more of a lack of information.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: So she did the job she was supposed to do with the information that she was given.
[SPEAKER_11]: Not her fault.
[SPEAKER_11]: No problem at all.
[SPEAKER_11]: And one thing that I've always thought, especially in more recent years, is that behavior has become a lot more inclusive in terms, although I would still like for them to have an official ace person other than someone just named Ace.
[SPEAKER_11]: But anyway, going back to that, I played a lot of Avatar Frontiers of Pandora and there was a lot of cussing.
[SPEAKER_11]: And last night I started the Japanese Dracula X turn in the moonlight for Sega Saturn.
[SPEAKER_03]: I wanted to see that, but I was out last night.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, I played a little bit longer than intended and Dan was actually in the chat telling me which direction to go in and telling me to do double jumps when I hadn't gotten the gravity boots yet.
[SPEAKER_11]: And although he did help me with the part that I was having a problem on with just this one thing is I had forgotten where the Jeweled Fist was.
[SPEAKER_11]: So he helped me get through that and I absolutely love that game.
[SPEAKER_11]: And as far as
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, I just love side quests, I guess.
[SPEAKER_11]: I like going around and finding stuff and making my own fun and just kind of getting lost and immersed in the universe.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like, I was finding every chair that I could sit in and, you know, doing poses and all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_11]: And also, that's kind of what I've been doing in Avatar as well, is I've just been running around.
[SPEAKER_11]: I put the main game on hold so that I could go and do a bunch of side quests and get into the lore and learn a little bit about, like, my character's clan and, you know, try to bring people together because in the middle of doing so, I'm also getting her quite leveled up and having a fun time doing it.
[SPEAKER_11]: So I was also
[SPEAKER_11]: Wednesday years old when I found out that if you fly your Ikran through a swarm of insects, she'll eat them and regain stamina.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's funny.
[SPEAKER_11]: So that was kind of a fun thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: And actually, my new favorite hobby is shooting down helicopters.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: You just aim for the little rotors because, you know, their helicopter things have their rotors on either side, kind of like weird wings.
[SPEAKER_11]: And if you shoot them, they'll instaboom.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can also throw mines at them and the mines will explode and also burn everybody inside and that's really fun too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are those the VTOLs from the first movie?
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, the Samson.
[SPEAKER_11]: VTOL, yeah, they're a VTOL, but, um, they, uh, like the double thing, helicopter, the Samson.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Whatever they call them.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, but, um, and they also have like huge carriers that's got...
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, if that's it for your gaming week, we will head on over to Loki, your gaming week.
[SPEAKER_07]: uh so i did play something other than minecraft it was mostly minecraft uh it was like it was like 99 99.9 percent minecrafted and one percent control freak uh so control freak the best way to describe it is it is a ncis
[SPEAKER_07]: Hacking Sim.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, you know, you know that that television show with the really poor portrayal of how hacking works.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's essentially a game where you smash the keyboard as fast as you can to hack and you have to like.
[SPEAKER_07]: Click on things and hack stuff and you can type in keywords and it does different things.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's it's silly and stupid and great because it has all the you know, the
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: ForeignChange, definitely worth checking out for just a silly little game.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then Minecraft put out an episode this week, and then I've been just working on designing some more things, still working on the theme park thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: The ride's gonna take a long time because I've actually had to have code written for it to get it to work.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am still working on the design of it, but in the meantime I'm working on stuff in the base.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've got a massive super spelter coming out in the next episode, which is ridiculously large and overpowered.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we did a livestream weekend for Channel 64 yesterday, so that was fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: The reason it's taking so long is so... Well, first off, it's huge, and it's incredibly detailed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, the type of detail that Disney would put into a Dark Ride, I am going through the same process to create this in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's... There's a lot of work that's involved with it, including, like, custom models, so it's 3D modeling.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's custom code being written, because Minecraft boats suck, and they don't...
[SPEAKER_07]: They don't turn with the water.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I have to write something to do that for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, all that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it's going to be amazing when it comes out.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Eventually.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, also, I wanted to mention, because I thought I saw you had crossed a milestone on your stream, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Didn't you cross?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: 200,000 views or something?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, 200,000 views on my channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, pretty good.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, let's see, uh, my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_03]: So a lot of similar things I usually do.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, I play, you know, Final Fantasy XIV.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was playing Diablo IV.
[SPEAKER_03]: I actually played a lot more No Man's Sky because I was really, um, fixated on finishing this expedition, which I had until today.
[SPEAKER_03]: So today was the deadline to finish the expedition before it's disabled and done, uh, and everything reverts to the general save.
[SPEAKER_03]: I finished it yesterday.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I finished it with hours to spare.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had streamed a good chunk of my playthrough, but I did finish it off stream because I was playing at weird hours.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I really enjoyed this expedition, No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_03]: I actually think probably next to Expedition 2, which was the secret Mass Effect one, they didn't tell you when that expedition first came out that you would unlock the Normandy at the end.
[SPEAKER_03]: There were hints, and it was one of those things where it really made sense.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I really feel like the way they executed that was just the best.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, that was the best expedition they ever did.
[SPEAKER_03]: Next to that, this one I actually think was probably the best expedition they've had because it was really a little bit of everything except, I would say, space combat.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was like the one thing you didn't have to do in this expedition.
[SPEAKER_03]: You did have to do ground combat, but they gave you a ridiculously overpowered weapon to help you through it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Honestly, I barely took any damage doing it, and so I was really impressed.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_03]: thing I don't get with No Man's Sky and maybe my feedback for Hello Games is I don't understand why these expeditions are so short lived, especially one that does such a good job that robustly like shows different features of the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is a great catch up thing for a lot of people to be able to catch up on some of the things they've missed.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, they they don't get into everything because again, like the the outposts that randomly spawn on planets and things like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: They don't get into quite everything.
[SPEAKER_03]: But even like the pirate galaxies are addressed.
[SPEAKER_03]: How to make the red drive and the blue drive to get to different stars.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like a lot of it really kind of lays it all out.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I don't understand.
[SPEAKER_03]: And maybe that would be a feature I'd like to see in No Man's Sky at some point, especially if they have the expeditions that are launchable from the hub now.
[SPEAKER_03]: Why not play the expeditions at any time?
[SPEAKER_03]: But I understand there's got to be a certain amount of, you know, the exclusiveness of the cosmetics.
[SPEAKER_03]: If, you know, they're available at any time, then it makes it less attractive to do so.
[SPEAKER_03]: I understand they kind of want to filter at a certain time and then help boost buzz and the streaming because they do the twitch drops and stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I do understand there's a certain amount of publicity tweaking that's coming into it as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: But
[SPEAKER_03]: especially with some of the old expeditions that were never available on Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just turn them on.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just let people revisit them whenever they want.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, like they're years old at this point, especially if they're not coming back.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's that's my take on it, or at least let these things run for a few months.
[SPEAKER_03]: If unless now, if No Man's Sky puts out a patch tomorrow, which they darn well might like, at the rate they do things they very well might.
[SPEAKER_03]: So if Hello Games puts out a patch for No Man's Sky tomorrow, then I'll be like, okay, that's why it was closed when they did, because they were about to launch something else.
[SPEAKER_03]: But if that doesn't happen, I would have been like, why not just leave it open until you're ready to roll out the next patch, like six weeks is really not a lot of time.
[SPEAKER_03]: all in all said and done anyway i'll stop harping on that because otherwise i loved um the multi-tool that you unlock from this expedition is a giant staff so now your character takes a big staff around it just looks awesome i just i i was really into it i i this game this game
[SPEAKER_03]: keeps hitting new high points, which there's not a lot of video games where you can say that about, you know, years and years.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's kind of got me psyched for the the next one.
[SPEAKER_03]: It does.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I light no fire because like or was it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's what it's called.
[SPEAKER_07]: because I dig the Skyrim type vibe and the fact that they keep adding stuff to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: That sounds really cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I wonder if now that the world has forgiven Hello Games with No Man's Sky, I wonder if Light No Fire is going to be their way to say, oh, now we can do DLC.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now we can do a battle pass.
[SPEAKER_03]: now we can do because that's what these expeditions feel like their battle passes you play a certain amount and do certain things you unlock cosmetics that's what a fucking battle pass is right so i wonder if light no fire i think some of these things we've been used to with no man's sky i wonder if light no fire isn't going to go back to a little more of what we expect and maybe you know what maybe i'm being unfair to hello games we'll find out when we find out but
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't help but feel like, you know what, when they put out Light No Fire, they're probably going to start charging for a lot of the things that we see a lot of games charging for now because Hello Games doesn't have to apologize anymore.
[SPEAKER_03]: They've they've made up for what happened seven.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think they have to apologize anymore right now either.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think they've long made up for all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like and I think even if they put out stuff as paid DLC, I think people would play it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think maybe there may be a
[SPEAKER_07]: It may be hard to do that being that it is an online game and to like have certain exclusory content aside from like cosmetics.
[SPEAKER_07]: would be very difficult for them to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: YYR in chat says 77% positive reviews on the Steam page for No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sounds like they've been forgiven to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they consistently get nominated for awards for like best ongoing game.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's always like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Final Fantasy 14, Fortnite, like these just games that, you know, very big games that keep going.
[SPEAKER_03]: But No Man's Sky is always still in that conversation all these years later.
[SPEAKER_03]: Questbuster says, I feel that while people remember,
[SPEAKER_03]: Hello Games
[SPEAKER_03]: I think No Man's Sky, I don't know, and I don't have the facts to back it up, but just my gut tells me a lot of people still bought that on the Switch, even though they may have had it on another platform or just they were buying it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So like, I feel like because No Man's Sky keeps evolving to the new platforms, people are still buying the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And maybe there's a certain math to that where it's like, you know what, as long as we keep selling copies of the game, we're still making the money we need to make.
[SPEAKER_03]: And maybe that's what will happen with Light No Fire.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: And also, yeah, at least with that, like, the expectation is, you know, they're not building all this from scratch anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have the engine, essentially, for this.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it should be certainly more solid than it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, so that's really it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will say, though, I've been doing a lot.
[SPEAKER_03]: You all know I do GPS and AR gaming.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pokemon Go had a community day this weekend, so I caught some Litten Chinese when I was out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ingress Event
[SPEAKER_03]: There was probably about 100 agents that turned out in person in Berkeley for this.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wow, that's pretty impressive considering.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it's still pretty impressive.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, that's pretty much NorCal's representation, but that's still pretty good because they had a similar event in Pasadena.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think Vancouver, Canada had one the same night.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think there was a city in Arizona.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there was a lot of different sites that were having these flash start events.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, drawing in 100 people on a Friday night with two weeks notice,
[SPEAKER_03]: is still pretty darn good.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that was that was a good turnout.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then I've been playing Monster Hunter now, also Niantic.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I got to say, I've been really impressed with how this game is coming along.
[SPEAKER_03]: This game is a lot of fun to play with other people.
[SPEAKER_03]: It runs really smooth.
[SPEAKER_03]: I would say if you're into Pokemon Go and you haven't checked out Monster Hunter now yet, you really should like it's a really smooth.
[SPEAKER_03]: It runs very well.
[SPEAKER_03]: They just did a seasonal update where they added new monsters, I guess, from and here's the funny thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: And this is similar to Pikmin, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: I like Pikmin Bloom.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't really care for the Pikmin console games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Monster Hunter now.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't care for the Monster Hunter console games.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've tried.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just I just don't get into it.
[SPEAKER_03]: But Monster Hunter now, I think it's a hell of a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: And, you know, people are like, oh, but the battle's just tapping your phone over and over.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's like, no, there's you have to well time your dodges.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have to make sure you're hitting the monster in a certain place.
[SPEAKER_03]: You want to hit the weak point.
[SPEAKER_03]: You want to break a certain part.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's a lot of there's a lot of stuff that goes into it because we were trying to break the tail on Arathion today.
[SPEAKER_03]: to finish a quest, and we couldn't do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: There was a party of four of us, and we kept killing it before it was gone.
[SPEAKER_03]: So anyway, they have a new season, and they now have their version of transmogrification or glamour.
[SPEAKER_03]: So now you can make your characters look certain ways, and some of the armor looks really cool, and you can do that.
[SPEAKER_03]: But guess what else they added in Monster Hunter now with all this?
[SPEAKER_03]: Let me see if I can bring it up.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, here it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yep, I brought it up on the screen for it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Guess what this is, and I'm showing it on the screen on my phone.
[SPEAKER_03]: that is a season pass with a free tier and a premium tier and look at that you've got your cosmetic unlocks just in time for the glamour feature that are all available on the premium tier here's the thing though
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm a little less irritated with Monster Hunter now doing it because it is a free game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I get it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ain't nothing free in this world.
[SPEAKER_03]: Developers got to be paid.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I still I can't help but eye roll a little bit because I'm like, when everybody's doing a battle pass, no one's gonna buy a battle pass.
[SPEAKER_03]: Something to think about.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Like with 500 live service games in development, not all of them are gonna have people playing them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: but at least yeah again I'm not gonna give Niantic or Capcom shit for having that because again it's a free game it's that's where you expect to see the battle passes fine it's the triple-a games that come out for $70 and then have the nerve to do a battle pass on top of that which yes Diablo 4 is one of them and I still play that game so maybe I'm the problem hi it's me but um
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, I think there's a lot less people willing to pony it up in a game like Diablo 4 than there are in the free games where it's like, eh, whatever, it's free.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know quite a few people that ponied up for the premium pass.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can see it.
[SPEAKER_03]: If I go through my friends list, I can see, oh, they have the hoodie from the premium pass.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have the hoodie for the premium.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm like, I know who bought it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bell Passes
[SPEAKER_03]: just about everything in Ingress is in Monster Hunter now so you may actually see more landmarks because the the pokestop algorithm doesn't create multiple pokestops in a certain radius like you can't have more than two in a certain map cell but it's a little more generous in Ingress and Monster Hunter now so you might actually see more stuff so
[SPEAKER_03]: E3VL says imagine people doing dailies for more than five games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Monster Hunter now has dailies.
[SPEAKER_03]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_03]: They brought dailies into Ingress now all these years later.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do you know this July I will have been playing Ingress for 10 years?
[SPEAKER_03]: And that game's still going.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know for how much longer, sadly, but that game's still going, you know, it's 10 years now.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's wild.
[SPEAKER_03]: But anyway, Monster Hunter now.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's neat.
[SPEAKER_03]: Check it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: They just released a new season.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like a whole new patch for the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And considering the game just came out six months ago, that's some really encouraging support to see, honestly.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, with that, we will get into some gaming news for the week.
[SPEAKER_03]: So Loki,
[SPEAKER_03]: We've been joking a lot about quadruple A tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, let's get some more.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get some more.
[SPEAKER_07]: But more, you know, I don't know, jargon for the game industry.
[SPEAKER_07]: So now, now I guess I a little bit tongue in cheek, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: But apparently there's a conglomerate of indie gamers that have come up with the triple I initiative.
[SPEAKER_07]: Triple Eye actually has a website, it's the Triple Eye Initiative.
[SPEAKER_07]: It describes itself as a mysterious teasing page.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's from the studios of Darkest Dungeon, Risk of Rain, Slay the Spire, Vampire Survivors, View Rising, etc.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I don't know what it necessarily is, but apparently you can sign up for updates and they're going to make an announcement in about 11 days.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I wonder it's almost like all these different studios getting together to build their own hype machine for indie games is what I kind of maybe I mean maybe or like it may be like committing to like certain standards or something like that because I know certainly in the AAA space that's kind of one of the things it's like well hey you're having me pay 70 for a game that is broken like how many
[SPEAKER_07]: How many developers have, and we have stories about that coming up later in the show, how many developers have like apologized for the state that their game is released in?
[SPEAKER_07]: Or publishers even, like, it's inexcusable at this point, I feel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, to release a game that is this knowingly broken, you know it's broken, because like,
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: their game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: So hopefully that's what we see coming out of this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or maybe just some advertising for some indie studios.
[SPEAKER_07]: Either way.
[SPEAKER_03]: Mike Defton Chat says, I blame investors.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, seriously, that's it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And guess what?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: And guess what the indie studios don't have to worry about?
[SPEAKER_03]: Investors.
[SPEAKER_03]: So aye aye aye to that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want someone just to treat me like the investor or like the game companies treat investors, man.
[SPEAKER_11]: No, they have an investor, their own pockets and some parents and friends.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_03]: The investors really are the people, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the hype machines end up being the people as well a little bit, too.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I think it's kind of interesting that these different indie studios are kind of getting together to do their own sort of hype machine, though.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's very I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think there's something really kind of cool and kind of punk rock about that almost.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: It'll be interesting to see what they do, though.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love the tongue in cheek attack on the quadruple A game though.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, like, you know, again, Yves Guillaume continuously putting foot in his mouth.
[SPEAKER_03]: Time and time again, how he's still running that company is anyone's guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: But you know, anyway, all right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's talk about Oh, oh, actually, there's a little bit on pal world with all that, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so Palworld devs basically are saying that, hey, AAA games are not for us.
[SPEAKER_07]: They want to stick to smaller sized games.
[SPEAKER_03]: We don't like the attention.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, basically, hey, we are and will remain a small studio.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to make multiple small games, big budget AAA games are not for us.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a kind of a
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a breath of fresh air.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, these are the same developers that said, you know, hey, yeah, we understand that like our Steam playing time is or concurrent players is going down.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's fine because the game has an end.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: You can go play other fun games that are out there.
[SPEAKER_07]: You don't have to keep playing our game.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, we're glad that you purchased it and played it.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to have more content coming for it later on.
[SPEAKER_07]: But you don't have to live your life in this game.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, it's not going to
[SPEAKER_07]: make or break us whether you do that which I think is completely fair like that's a fair statement to make and it's also a very healthy statement to make that once again and like because that's kind of the the position that a lot of these big AAA studios they want you to live in like a lot of the times you like you hear them describing it's like yeah we want you to come in we want you to work we want you to earn money or earn like especially when it's NFT games we want you to earn you know they they describe the game like a job it's like
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't
[SPEAKER_07]: Game companies, I think, have lost their way, or some game companies, larger game companies, have kind of lost their way of what games are.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's supposed to be fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's supposed to be a way to escape and relax.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, they print money.
[SPEAKER_03]: Money, money, money.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have ways to get money.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pull slot machine.
[SPEAKER_03]: Make money.
[SPEAKER_03]: Buy Battle Pass.
[SPEAKER_03]: Get money.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, more grind, more content.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's how it works.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Got to get that grind set.
[SPEAKER_03]: Those dumb nerds will throw money at anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll just do a pallet swap and then charge for it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Money.
[SPEAKER_03]: Those stupid nerds, they'll pay for it.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's how it started.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's how it started, you know?
[SPEAKER_07]: And honestly, like, they do try to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, $20 for a blue skin.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, or just skin with horse armor.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's where it all began.
[SPEAKER_03]: Horse armor.
[SPEAKER_07]: Goddamn you, Bethesda.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right, anyway, on a somewhat related note to PAL world, there's a lot of people out there that are wondering what Pokemon and or Nintendo lawyers are up to these days, wink, wink, nudge.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I guess we already heard about Nintendo lawyers on last week's show, but let's talk a little bit about Pokemon lawyers, or in this case, a former Pokemon lawyer.
[SPEAKER_03]: In fact, the former chief legal officer for the Pokemon company, Don McGowan is the person's name, was recently doing an interview with Aftermath.
[SPEAKER_03]: and for some reason people all of a sudden are very interested in what is the Pokemon company's process for like going after fan projects.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not that I have anything in mind.
[SPEAKER_03]: I would be sitting in my office minding my own business when someone from the company would send me a link to a news article, or I would stumble across it myself.
[SPEAKER_03]: I teach entertainment law at the University of Washington and say this to my students, the worst thing on earth is when your fan project gets press because now I know about you.
[SPEAKER_03]: But that's not the end of the equation.
[SPEAKER_03]: You don't send a takedown right away.
[SPEAKER_03]: You wait to see if they get funded for a Kickstarter or similar.
[SPEAKER_03]: If they get funded, that's when you engage.
[SPEAKER_03]: No one likes suing fans.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's the that's the quote, which sounds a little bit dastardly, but at the same time, to me, draws a very clear line in the sand.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's money, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because if you're just an ordinary dude that's just making a fan game, they can't see you and get any money from you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That would cost that.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's the point?
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, they're clearly going after a fan who has no source of income.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, you know, you know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_03]: Based on the project, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe a different job sort of income, but nothing directly related to the project.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then when it's, oh, we made money off a Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, now you're profiting off of this.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're gonna take all that money or, you know, shut it down because again, it crossed the money threshold.
[SPEAKER_03]: which funny enough, very interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: We were talking about that emulator last week, which by the way, lots of very good followup on our discord server.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm going to point you our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_03]: And Bobby on his show tonight got a lot further into this than maybe I necessarily want to again tonight.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I thought there was a lot of interesting kind of like clarifications and sort of like clearing the air on the whole like emulator saga story.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it really boils down to these emulator keys.
[SPEAKER_03]: are the key quote unquote thing that sort of separates this from something say what you did there we were drawing comparisons to bleem last week well bleem didn't have keys that these newer sort of so anyway more information on the discord I would really encourage you to check out our discord to continue the conversation throughout the week because you know some of you
[SPEAKER_03]: have your hands in fandoms that go beyond, you know, what we, you know, gaming is a big wide world.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a big pool.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not a pool.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's an ocean.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is a big ocean of content.
[SPEAKER_03]: And we try to stay on top of it best we can.
[SPEAKER_03]: But sometimes y'all are in pieces of the ocean that we can't even explore.
[SPEAKER_03]: But anyway, my point is,
[SPEAKER_03]: with the emulator story is that again, it was money, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Money came into that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's where Nintendo then showed up and said, Oh, hell no, you know, and a very interesting sort of comment from the Pokemon former employee as well, which I think is important to say, but I can't imagine a lot of that has necessarily changed.
[SPEAKER_03]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: So if you're a fan project out there,
[SPEAKER_03]: Number one, don't openly make money off the project.
[SPEAKER_11]: Number two, don't talk about fan project.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't release it till it's done.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, don't talk about fight club.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, fan project.
[SPEAKER_03]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_11]: Game club.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wait, Bruno.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, uh, let's move on DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_11]: So if there's a company that's good at making things old new again, that would be Atari.
[SPEAKER_11]: And Atari is bringing back some of its classic games, and actually even more, with the Recharged series.
[SPEAKER_11]: So there's been some tests already out.
[SPEAKER_11]: They are using the, and I think it's great that it's called Allen One, the video arcade system.
[SPEAKER_11]: because that's a Tron reference.
[SPEAKER_03]: It sure is.
[SPEAKER_03]: I remember.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so there are they have like different interactive effects.
[SPEAKER_11]: And they said it's actually inspired by virtual pinball.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it has like knockers, shake motors, blower fans, things like that to boost the experience of the games.
[SPEAKER_11]: I might have said they were already in location testing, so there is an Avian Knights that's out in the wild.
[SPEAKER_11]: So yeah, if any of you find any of these out, let us know.
[SPEAKER_11]: But the Recharge series presently is made up of Berserk, Recharge, Quantum, Caverns of Mars, Asteroid, Centipede, Black Widow, Breakout, Gravitar, Missile Command, and Yars.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have the yars recharged and it's pretty pretty decent.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like it's it's much better than a lot of the other kind of modernizations of that game.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yeah, the recharge series is interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: So neat, neat to see them going this direction with it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm hoping to have a big revival in arcades.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do these machines spit tickets?
[SPEAKER_11]: I do find it really cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're turning those into legit arcade games.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do have a couple between Switch and PC.
[SPEAKER_03]: Weren't they giving one away at one point?
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel like they did.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, I think the Recharge series is pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I'd love to see that come full circle.
[SPEAKER_03]: I would love to see arcades come to life again, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's it's it's rough out there anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, apparently I will.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's very obvious because there's a big red message on the Minecraft launcher, but apparently there was a bug in the Xbox
[SPEAKER_07]: app regarding upgrading Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_07]: And according to Mojang's official support account on Twitter, they are advising people not to update Minecraft through the Xbox app.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thankfully, I don't play through the Xbox app, so no worries for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I also thought this was only for Bedrock, but maybe it's not.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, I play Fabric, so it's not the same launcher anyways.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it can result in your game actually, or your worlds, being deleted.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, and this has happened, apparently folks have had their worlds, many years worth of playtime in them, just wiped out.
[SPEAKER_07]: from these updates.
[SPEAKER_07]: There is a update repair tool that is supposed to be for a gaming service repair tool for PC, which I did run that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know what that necessarily does, but I think it fixes the issue with the Xbox app.
[SPEAKER_07]: But once again, don't play through the Xbox app.
[SPEAKER_07]: So good for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, that sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a big old blight.
[SPEAKER_03]: I do use the Xbox app, so this is concerning.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, thankfully, I'm not quite as invested in Minecraft as Loki is.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't really have like a... Usually every time I get a bug to go play Minecraft, I just start a new world anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, it's a little bit scary, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, and I don't have any single-player worlds anyways.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's all online, so there's nothing getting deleted from the Xbox app.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, makes sense, makes sense.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right, well, let's talk a little bit about Unreal Engine.
[SPEAKER_03]: And as we know, the Unreal Engine is a very big resource for creating games.
[SPEAKER_03]: But as we've seen now, as we're getting into these more and more, the more these things can do with the Unreal Engine, we're starting to see that TV, movies are actually using this.
[SPEAKER_03]: You might remember when they were first showing Unreal Engine 5, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: The newest one?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, 5.4 is the newest, newest one.
[SPEAKER_03]: But when they were first showing Unreal Engine 5,
[SPEAKER_03]: Epic Games is now announcing a new pricing structure for a non-game developer to use this because
[SPEAKER_03]: There's no income stream for them otherwise.
[SPEAKER_03]: So they have to kind of make money from this somehow.
[SPEAKER_03]: But there's a lot of rules with this.
[SPEAKER_03]: So let me try to cover some of this.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the per seat subscription to use Unreal for a non gaming purpose is $1,850.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's basically like per license.
[SPEAKER_03]: So per user sitting at a computer desk using it, it's you know, 1850.
[SPEAKER_03]: So if you have 10 people, you know, you do the math, etc.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um,
[SPEAKER_03]: This is going to be going into effect when 5.4 releases in late April.
[SPEAKER_03]: And of course, if you are making TV shows, movies, you're going to have to pay this fee because otherwise you're not, you know, there's no way Epic, Epic isn't getting royalties.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's the problem.
[SPEAKER_03]: So Epic can get royalties from games, they can't get royalties from, I think this is fascinating, theme park rides.
[SPEAKER_03]: And now that I think about like a lot of rides I've gone on at like Universal and stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, yeah, they're probably using this for theme park rides for sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I think this is very interesting, all these different places to get this from.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also, very important sort of, you know, twist on this is that this this whole system is still III friendly, if you will, even for the TV and movie world, because
[SPEAKER_03]: If you are a company that makes less than a million in annual gross revenue, you don't have to pay the fee.
[SPEAKER_03]: So if you're, you know, college learning on Unreal and assuming you don't have anything that made over a million or you're an indie studio, like super indie, not making anything over a million, you don't have to pay to Unreal.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's kind of nice for that.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can also license portions
[SPEAKER_03]: of Unreal Engine, the Twinmotion real-time visualization tool, $4.45 a year.
[SPEAKER_03]: RealityCapture, $12.50 a year.
[SPEAKER_03]: So pretty neat.
[SPEAKER_03]: By the way, that $1 million cutoff, you may or may not recall, that is also true for games.
[SPEAKER_03]: So your games don't have to pay a royalty share.
[SPEAKER_03]: They upped that from $50,000 to $1 million in the COVID era in 2020.
[SPEAKER_03]: So very interesting sort of line there.
[SPEAKER_03]: So as long as you're not a millionaire,
[SPEAKER_03]: with your job after your job, you will be alright and can use the Unreal Engine for this, which I think is pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Loki, I know this might be a silly question, but with all the moviemaking that you've been doing, have you been considering using Unreal to I mean, I guess maybe it is silly because I know most of your stuff is driven in Minecraft, but I know you've been you've been doing a lot of things.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, like your, I think in the latest video that had all the tropes from YouTube and all that stuff, like you obviously did a lot of work in Premiere or whatever video editing you use to do all that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have you ever thought about using Unreal for some flashy type of things?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, because that's more of like, I think, for building virtual sets.
[SPEAKER_07]: They do that a lot, or motion capture.
[SPEAKER_07]: They'll use the Unreal stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not something I would be doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: The only example I'm aware of, I think, is I think there's Linus Tech Tips.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have a channel called Game Linked, where they do gaming news.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I want to say that their set is a virtual set in Unreal Engine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Five that they've built.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it would be something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: They would probably have to pay because unless they consider GameLink its own company, which I don't think they would.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that's kind of where that use case would be.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can see this more.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I can see this more like.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat points out Mandalorian used Unreal.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, we OK, we know who's paying the money then.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, you know, Disney is going to be paying some money.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, I would imagine Unreal would be good for that type of thing since you can drag things in place, as it were.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, I mean, I know people who have been making their own virtual backgrounds and things like Blender and Daz 3D and whatnot for ages.
[SPEAKER_11]: 3D, you can easily, you know, use, uh, existing media out there, you know, just license it and boom, there you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: You've got a background.
[SPEAKER_11]: You don't need to run anything through, um, Unreal.
[SPEAKER_11]: You just create it and port it.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it's free.
[SPEAKER_11]: The, the application is free.
[SPEAKER_11]: And, and for those of us who were in the Mac universe, you know, we've got Final Cut Pro.
[SPEAKER_11]: We have Motion for doing graphic effects.
[SPEAKER_11]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: Questbuster in chat points out car companies like GM, General Motors, and BMW also use Unreal, which for those car commercials and Flashgate makes sense to me, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_03]: Very interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, there's a lot of use cases for it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's really neat to see how the gaming world is.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, we've talked a lot on this show, and especially over our long, long history, we've talked a lot about how we see the gaming industry oftentimes following in the movie industry and TV industry's footsteps with many things.
[SPEAKER_03]: But here's a very interesting case where now the and it's not to say this hasn't happened before, but it's just another one in the list of now here's the gaming industry leading the movie industry, which is very fascinating, I think.
[SPEAKER_03]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bobby does point out if you want to check out some of this how the Mandalorian uses Unreal Engine, it's on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_03]: So you can check it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: So or maybe, maybe not YouTube, but maybe Disney plus behind the scenes type of featurettes, you know, you can you can find it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, it does.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, I guess while we're on a Disney note.
[SPEAKER_09]: So well,
[SPEAKER_11]: Another thing, I feel kind of like I don't want to talk about it for some of the reasons that were mentioned before, but there is a homebrew developer named Frogbull, the same one who got Metal Gear Solid and Final Fantasy running on the Saturn.
[SPEAKER_11]: is making a Star Wars game for Dreamcast called Star Wars Dream of the Rebellion that was inspired by Rogue Squadron, the same one by Factor 5.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so you are an X-wing fighter pilot and you have to take down TIE Fighters.
[SPEAKER_11]: And he was very impressed, he said, with how Sega created this in that, you know, in the universe and how fun it was.
[SPEAKER_11]: But the games didn't make their way to Dreamcast, so they were all just on, you know, the older consoles.
[SPEAKER_11]: There was Jedi Power Battles, Demolition, Episode One Racer.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, but none of them would let you play an X-Wing, so he wanted to do that.
[SPEAKER_11]: There is a demo out by the way, I am just a little concerned as to what would happen
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, if, I mean, hopefully it's not going to be putting this out for any kind of money or asking for funding for it.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, but it would still, it's still touching two pretty big franchises.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, we've got the entire Star Wars universe and Disney can be quite litigious.
[SPEAKER_11]: Um, but you also have Sega with their, granted defunct hardware, but still their hardware.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't cross the money line.
[SPEAKER_11]: And the game that they, they created.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Now this is where I completely draw the line.
[SPEAKER_11]: He's using AI tech for the voice of C-3PO by ripping lines from Rogue Squadron and Rogue Leader and X-Wing Alliance to synthesize the voice.
[SPEAKER_11]: So this is basically taking Anthony Daniels' voice
[SPEAKER_11]: because I'm not sure if actually I'm not sure if he did the ones for those games.
[SPEAKER_11]: I would think that he did.
[SPEAKER_11]: But but still, if he's if he's taking that voice and recreating it for use in his project, that is a legal use of likeness.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bobby does point out Lucasfilm has fan film guidelines that would probably be applicable here, but that's that voice thing is a really slippery slope.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oof.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, careful with that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, I can't.
[SPEAKER_11]: That just right there soured the whole project for me.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, I'm interested in it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I would love to see it, but not with all of this going on.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know how I'm against AI for mimicking, you know, a paid actor's voice.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, you need to get somebody else to record the lines for you, a different actor playing the same part.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll be C-3PO for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_03]: I can do the C-3PO voice for your game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just give me a call.
[SPEAKER_11]: I am fluent in over 5 million languages.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just look me up.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll do C-3PO so you don't have to use shitty AI.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just go in like a completely... Yeah, I was gonna say, just go in a completely different direction like Arlonauts did with like Creepio.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can create your own protocol, Droid.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just put some letters and numbers together and make sure it sounds neat as a nickname.
[SPEAKER_11]: C69DJ.
[SPEAKER_03]: That can be my Android name.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: SSJ100 Matt said I was Mr. Movie Phone.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, and Bobby does point out what he said was before that part about the AI of a, you know, voice actor that's not involved, but also pointing out fan film guidelines say create your own characters.
[SPEAKER_03]: So very important distinction there.
[SPEAKER_03]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, Loki, you have something on Star Wars?
[SPEAKER_11]: And eventually they'll take your character and make them canon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: What I have about Star Wars is an apology for doing a shitty job at porting a game or remastering a game.
[SPEAKER_07]: First off, good news.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's do the good news before the bad news.
[SPEAKER_07]: The good news is that the company that was working on Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, the remake of that, Saber Interactive, has been sold for $500 million.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was, of course, owned by the Embracer group at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Saber also owned, was it 4A Studios, which you may remember, they were the ones that ported, I think, Minecraft to the early console stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was on... Oh, I'm sorry, they're the Metro game series developers.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zen Studios, Beacon Interactive
[SPEAKER_07]: Saber is going to keep Nimble Giant, 3D Realms, Sandbox Strategies, New World Interactive, Slipgate, Ironworks, Madhead Games, and Fractured Bites.
[SPEAKER_07]: Embracer is still going to own Tripwire, Beamdog, Tuxilla Labs, and a bunch of other game companies I'm not familiar with.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's good, at least several studios are surviving the Embracer group.
[SPEAKER_07]: Biasco
[SPEAKER_07]: did a really terrible job with it they put out a statement apologize or they didn't apologize for the issues but said that they recognize that there are issues it says we'd like to thank the battlefront community for an overwhelming support and feedback for the star wars classic our battlefront classic collection release at launch we experienced critical errors with our network infrastructure this result in high ping matchmaking errors and crashes i'm going to tell you right now that that's not the extent of it that's part of it
[SPEAKER_07]: But there's a lot of... The game is really broken.
[SPEAKER_07]: Really, really broken.
[SPEAKER_07]: They said, please continue to submit bug reports to us through our request form.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll do the bug troubleshooting for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's fantastic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, it's overwhelmingly negative on Steam right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: The videos I've seen of the bugs...
[SPEAKER_07]: You can't hit anybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: You just spin around every time you die, like the camera just spins rapidly around.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: But hey, it's 70 gigabytes because they put a bunch of clips from the movies in there, whereas this game originally was like...
[SPEAKER_07]: a few gigabytes because I think it was on DVD.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it was on the PlayStation 2 at one time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I think it was PlayStation 2 era.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, they blew up the game to 70 gigabytes with all these stupid clips.
[SPEAKER_07]: Probably uncompressed video.
[SPEAKER_07]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks, Aspyr.
[SPEAKER_07]: Worth the price of admission.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's really unfortunate too, because with a name like that and a game that people remember, there's probably even more people that get suckered into pre-ordering it and buying this on day one and all of that, that then just end up with a subpar product.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it's just, it's so crappy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like this, this is why Steam has a return policy for if you've only played so many, so much time of it, you can return it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And why ultimately, I know a lot of developers fucking hate that thing, but here, here's where it's needed.
[SPEAKER_03]: Unfortunately,
[SPEAKER_03]: And while this epidemic still exists, investors are the problem.
[SPEAKER_03]: And shit like this is coming out when it's still in a half-baked state, and this is it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: As Joe and Hunter Matt says, gotta hold them accountable somehow.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: I feel for the developers that... It was a console game too, so it's great for the Steam users, but it sucks for everybody else that purchased it on consoles.
[SPEAKER_03]: are people asking for refunds because sometimes they get it on consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think people are.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, speaking of consoles, the PlayStation 5 got an update this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: The 9.0 firmware update, if you can believe it.
[SPEAKER_03]: How far we've come, my goodness.
[SPEAKER_03]: So we had a beta for 9.0 recently, but now it just went out for PlayStation 5 owners earlier this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: As a part of this, you have enhancements to DualSense and DualSense Edge controller audio.
[SPEAKER_03]: I noticed for my PlayStation, when I turned it on, it did an update to my controller first.
[SPEAKER_03]: The speakers are louder and the speakers sound clearer when broadcasting in game sounds and voice chat.
[SPEAKER_03]: The microphone is also apparently improved.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sony says a new AI machine learning model.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right, but it's well.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's just suppressing background noises from button presses and game audio, leading to an improved voice chat experience.
[SPEAKER_03]: So we're just talking, I think they're just... That's fine.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I think they're using AI as a marketing thing here because to me that's noise print.
[SPEAKER_03]: That noise prints have been a thing in...
[SPEAKER_03]: Audio editing programs for a long time.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's just being able to do that on the fly.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: Fine.
[SPEAKER_03]: AI.
[SPEAKER_03]: Machines.
[SPEAKER_03]: Great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's also brightness adjustments for the PS5 power indicator.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can get that in settings, system, beep and light, and then brightness.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, there is actually a menu in PlayStation called beep and light.
[SPEAKER_07]: That beep and light.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hate how bright it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: That should have been the name of this program.
[SPEAKER_03]: Beep and Light.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe, maybe that could be a new video game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like what was what's the kid and chase?
[SPEAKER_03]: What was that game?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then we need to have a duo shooting game called Beep and Light.
[SPEAKER_03]: You mean Lucky and Wild?
[SPEAKER_03]: That's it, Lucky and Wild.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm thinking of another game too.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, well, anyway, there was Bump and Chase as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bump and Chase.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, Beep and Light.
[SPEAKER_03]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: share screen also of course lets you broadcast your gameplay now you can do pointers and emoji reactions so the people that you're sharing gameplay with can now point at things on the screen so in the case because this happens to me all the time look here you dummy they can actually use a pointer to say point point point it's right here
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's actually kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think that's kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then they could do emoji reactions as well, which is silly, but also fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: Speaking of emojis, Unicode 15.1 emojis are now reflected in the 9.0 update.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know which emoji set that is.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's a play erasure.
[SPEAKER_03]: PlayStation 5 Pro
[SPEAKER_03]: that is coming this holiday.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is coming from Tom Henderson of Insider Gaming, saying that the PS5 Pro details that were leaked on YouTube came from documentation that Sony itself recently sent to third-party developers.
[SPEAKER_03]: So apparently the PlayStation 5 Pro will offer improved and consistent framerate at 4K, as well as a performance mode for 8K.
[SPEAKER_03]: Here we fucking go, 8K now.
[SPEAKER_03]: also rendering games is supposed to be up to 45% quicker ray tracing capabilities that are two to three times faster and apparently the GPU will have 67 teraflops faster speed and better graphics it's just more parts inside more parts potentially better graphics
[SPEAKER_03]: SSJ100 Matt says you can point to save game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, that would be what Bobby's doing when I'm streaming on share play as he would point at save, save your game, save your game.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: E3VL over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says can't wait for The Last of Us Part One Remastered Pro.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, the thing with this, though, is it's obviously not able to output AK.
[SPEAKER_07]: The rumor is that it has an upscaler built into it, like a really nice upscaler.
[SPEAKER_07]: What was it?
[SPEAKER_03]: AI upscaling?
[SPEAKER_03]: That's what they'll call it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, kind of.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's sort of like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Super resolution?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember the actual terminology.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was spectral super resolution.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what it was.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, super resolution.
[SPEAKER_07]: that apparently is better than FSR2, AMD's FSR2.
[SPEAKER_03]: One step closer to the holodeck, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyhow, let's take a time to go down memory lane in this segment where you will not need a PlayStation 5 Pro to play this next game we're going to talk about, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_10]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright, DarkSakura, what did you pick for us this week?
[SPEAKER_11]: I picked EGG, Elemental Gimmick Gear.
[SPEAKER_11]: is an action roleplay game that came out on the Dreamcast since we've had some Dreamcast news tonight.
[SPEAKER_11]: It basically used hands-on art in an overhead view while you're exploring and then switches to 3D during boss battles.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was developed by Birthday and published by Hudson Soft in Japan and Vatical Entertainment in the US.
[SPEAKER_11]: So you have to go through different ruins and there are puzzles that need to be solved before you can move forward.
[SPEAKER_11]: And the puzzles may have switch or moving objects around.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then there are racing where your character rolls into a ball or an egg and races along rails to finish before the computer is done.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a weird one.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was a really weird game.
[SPEAKER_11]: So basically, just like a brief bit of backstory, in this world called Tokion, there are these dome-shaped ruins that were in a jungle.
[SPEAKER_11]: They excavated it and pulled out an execute robot, and it had a sleeping guy in it.
[SPEAKER_11]: And they made other little robots from this robot, you know, in its style, and then they all went and said, huh, we don't like you humans anymore, and went to go worship the big giant egg.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then, you know, shenanigans.
[SPEAKER_11]: Chaos ensues.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, but at any rate, you have the main character who is the one who is asleep in the egg named The Sleeper, and he doesn't remember anything about himself, so they call him Leon.
[SPEAKER_11]: But you can name him whatever you want to.
[SPEAKER_11]: And he's been asleep for 5,000 years, which is how I wish I could feel when I wake up in the morning, but I feel like I've been asleep for, you know, five seconds.
[SPEAKER_11]: You have also Dr. Yam, who works at the... He's the head doctor at the lab that found Leon.
[SPEAKER_11]: Selen, who is also in the lab.
[SPEAKER_11]: She's the one who gives Leon his name.
[SPEAKER_11]: And then Lucky, who lost his parents when the Fogna, which are the little robot people,
[SPEAKER_11]: Thank you all so much for watching!
[SPEAKER_11]: E. Coli of GamePro, I'm going to just read the quote because I think it's a really apt description.
[SPEAKER_11]: EGG has a surprisingly small world and playing time depending on how fast you can solve its mysteries.
[SPEAKER_11]: While it lacks depth, EGG does offer some interesting and complex puzzles that will appeal mostly to gamers who aren't in a hurry.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that's the game.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was a cute game I played through, you know, I started it.
[SPEAKER_11]: It wasn't really like my brand of game, really.
[SPEAKER_11]: But, you know, it's very notable and it was kind of unique in terms of story and its style.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so if you if you haven't played it, give it a go.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you can find a Dreamcast and the game.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do it that way.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I'll be looking somewhere else while you get a Dreamcast and play this game.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll try my best to find a Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_11]: I know you've got a Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have in the closet.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I have the game.
[SPEAKER_11]: So if you want to play it, I'll lend it to you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Somehow I didn't I didn't really know this game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sometimes you dig up these little gems or I'm like, how did I not know about this game?
[SPEAKER_03]: But that's that's what this is for.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's a new little game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Edumacational content.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's important.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright, EGG, Elemental Gimmick Gear, Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, we have some other quick headlines for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then we're going to get to the world release dates as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then believe it or not, we're kind of already out of stories for the week.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I think there may be a few things you want us to talk about.
[SPEAKER_03]: We can do that as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then we'll have the listener roundtable coming up shortly.
[SPEAKER_03]: If anybody wants to call in, I know a few people expressed interest.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, by the way, Bobby Blackwolf in chat mentions, and I saw some of his posts on Blue Sky about this, your Classic Game of the Week last week,
[SPEAKER_03]: Puli Ruli
[SPEAKER_03]: Puri Ruva I was reading from Bobby's comments, so... I'd like to buy a vowel.
[SPEAKER_11]: I actually want to throw in a little fun thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know who Seamus Blackley is, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Why does it sound familiar?
[SPEAKER_11]: The father of the Xbox.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, yes, okay, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, we kind of made acquaintances actually through baking.
[SPEAKER_11]: He grows yeast out of the wild and makes really neat bread so he gave me some pointers for starting my new bread dough.
[SPEAKER_11]: He actually put up pictures on social media about the prototype, or as he said, the prototype for the prototype of the Xbox.
[SPEAKER_11]: Put up a picture of it.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was really neat looking.
[SPEAKER_11]: He also has another picture of it in his kitchen with a bunch of his yeasts in the background.
[SPEAKER_11]: So it's like, I see we have some dough ready to go.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I thought people would enjoy that.
[SPEAKER_11]: I can find the post if anyone's interested.
[SPEAKER_03]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, meanwhile, let's talk about some other headlines that will come to rise to the occasion.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, Loki, we'll start with you.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this is pretty sweet.
[SPEAKER_07]: I didn't know this was coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: Interbang Entertainment and the Angry Metal Company have J and Silent Bob Chronic Blunt Punch coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is a beat-em-up game based off of the two View Askewiverse characters.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's amazing.
[SPEAKER_07]: I need to check it out.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, they put a new trailer for it and it's all animated and stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: It makes me wish that the Clerks animated series was still a thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: That thing was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_11]: Big American party.
[SPEAKER_07]: It still holds up all these years later.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I love.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I love that, like the comments on the actual trailer video on YouTube were like, you know, why are we walking this way?
[SPEAKER_07]: I was like, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: There are still people out there that remember this.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: So cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we have that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Then I was reminded by Jamie's pics a few weeks ago of Robotech Crystal Dreams that, hey, there's Macross games still coming out.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we have now Red Arts Games has announced that
[SPEAKER_07]: Bushiroad's Macross Shooting Insight will be coming to the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Switch in North America this year.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nice!
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll actually get to play some Macross games over here and I'll have to import them, which is great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Finally.
[SPEAKER_11]: I think, gosh, the last Macross game I played was I think the one on Dreamcast, like Macross M, which was the one that was around when Macross 7 was out.
[SPEAKER_11]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's only one Macross game that's come out that I haven't enjoyed, and that was the PC Engine one that was a strategy game.
[SPEAKER_07]: This one looks like a, um, just a space shmup game.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's very, um, Gradius inspired, it looked like.
[SPEAKER_11]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_11]: A lot of the other ones had been sort of like these 3D, like free roaming-ish kind of games.
[SPEAKER_11]: I would totally play the shit out of this.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, now you can, later this year.
[SPEAKER_11]: As long as I don't have to hear Minmay sing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh, DarkSakura, what do you got for us for Rapid Fire?
[SPEAKER_11]: SNK and Arika are...
[SPEAKER_11]: having a big team-up.
[SPEAKER_11]: They're gonna collaborate to bring back some of the old non-fighting IPs.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, um... Since, you know, basically stuff that came out on Neo Geo.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, um... We don't know exactly what the games are being included, but I would think it would be stuff like, you know, Metal Gear?
[SPEAKER_11]: Not Metal Gear.
[SPEAKER_11]: Why'd I say that?
[SPEAKER_11]: Metal Slug!
[SPEAKER_11]: Um, you know, so...
[SPEAKER_09]: I hope.
[SPEAKER_09]: That'd be cool.
[SPEAKER_09]: Please.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, one other story here for Rapid Fire News has to do with the game Super Mario Maker.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I'm talking about the original on the Wii U, because as you know, the 3DS and the Wii U's online services, they're going bye-bye in a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_03]: So reminder, those online services will be six feet under in about three weeks.
[SPEAKER_03]: So because of this,
[SPEAKER_03]: There are efforts underway with the original Super Mario Maker to beat every level.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, that's right, there's a group called Team 0% that is trying to beat every level in the game, but there is one left.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I don't know, as of the recording of this show, I don't know if it's been done yet, because I feel like the more press that this thing gets,
[SPEAKER_03]: and more!
[SPEAKER_03]: But the creator had to beat it to post it, because remember, that was the thing in Mario Maker was that you had to beat the level in order to post it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that was how they kind of got around some of the, you know, trolling that otherwise could have happened with the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: So very, very interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there's one level left.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sure they'll get it done in, you know, three weeks or whatever the time is left, especially with how many apparently has been played.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like they say, average of like 82 times a person.
[SPEAKER_03]: that are actively trying to beat it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like over a thousand people are trying.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of streaming and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: By the way, this will have nothing to do with Mario Maker 2, which was a Switch game and is still available at this point.
[SPEAKER_03]: So this is only going to impact Mario Maker 1.
[SPEAKER_03]: And this is the last one.
[SPEAKER_03]: YYR says that this level comes from someone who created another infamous level that involved precision bomb handling.
[SPEAKER_03]: That one took years to beat.
[SPEAKER_03]: So we will see if Team 0% can do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Otherwise, they're going to have to rebrand to Team 0.0001%.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sorry to say.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of games that might come out sooner than trimming the herbs is beaten.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's start in the U.S., Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this week we have Hi-Fi Rush coming out on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_07]: My gosh, the world is ending because cats and dogs are living together.
[SPEAKER_03]: Mass hysteria.
[SPEAKER_07]: Funny enough, you know, that references perfectly because also this week, you know, the new Ghostbusters movie is out.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, you know, I'm on fire with these puns tonight, Loki.
[SPEAKER_11]: I need to see.
[SPEAKER_11]: I want to see it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who's going to see it with me?
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I'm going to go see it on Friday, my kids for sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: So because we saw the last one, the last one was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: I loved it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll see it in a year.
[SPEAKER_03]: I finally saw Barbie like two weeks ago, so.
[SPEAKER_07]: I solely see Barbie.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wanted to see that.
[SPEAKER_07]: My wife saw it without me, you know, and I liked it.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's a lot of really there's only like a couple of things I didn't like, but for the most part, I thought it was brilliant.
[SPEAKER_03]: And Margot Robbie.
[SPEAKER_03]: Perfect.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, we have MLB The Show 24 coming out on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series A. There's another another studio, a Sony studio now on the games are just everywhere.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of games being everywhere, here's one that I forgot was coming out, and it's a blast from the past, Alone in the Dark on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Speaking of, isn't there a movie with a hot bear guy from Stranger Things?
[SPEAKER_03]: His name is in that movie.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's the Sheriff.
[SPEAKER_03]: The Sheriff, yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: David Harbour.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is there another Alone in the Dark?
[SPEAKER_07]: I only remember the
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, somebody was talking about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I've forgotten his name.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've forgotten his name.
[SPEAKER_07]: The director has left my brain.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, Uwe Boll.
[SPEAKER_03]: Uwe Boll.
[SPEAKER_03]: No!
[SPEAKER_03]: Dammit.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're coming back.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now I have to remember him again.
[SPEAKER_03]: Suffer with me.
[SPEAKER_07]: My brain is like fully purged.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uwe Boll, ruin movies forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: OK, well, yeah, that's the only Alone Dark I remember.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, Loki, remember Blood Rain?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey Loki, remember the Postal movie?
[SPEAKER_07]: because um and you told him to shove his movies where?
[SPEAKER_07]: I did not um like so this was back with um oh god it was a long time ago obviously it was back when I worked at um that video company and so we interviewed him for our um magazine the industry magazine thing that we went out so like
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I got to talk to him about, oh God, what was it?
[SPEAKER_03]: It was... And you were nice, I know it.
[SPEAKER_07]: You could say shit to him.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tunnel, was it Tunnel?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I was, of course it was nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it was for Tunnel Rats, I think is what it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it was a movie that he made.
[SPEAKER_07]: It actually wasn't based off a video game, but then later made a video game based off of it as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, that's a fun bit of trivia right there.
[SPEAKER_03]: They had him here at the local horror con one year, the one year I didn't go because I had a conflict.
[SPEAKER_03]: They had him at the con.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, darn.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I dodged a bullet with that.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, but again, I could have been a consummate professional.
[SPEAKER_03]: Even if I had to run that panel, I would have been like, so let's talk about your movies.
[SPEAKER_03]: Tell me about that creative process.
[SPEAKER_03]: What was your process there?
[SPEAKER_11]: How many drugs you took to come up and think this was a good idea?
[SPEAKER_07]: The German tax write-off?
[SPEAKER_07]: He was, see, he was cutting edge right there because he was manipulating the tax system for movies before Warner Brothers was.
[SPEAKER_11]: But he had to have stolen the idea from Mel Brooks.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, it's the plot of the producers.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't believe that Uwe Boll was ahead of his time.
[SPEAKER_09]: Remember, he got the idea from Mel Brooks.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's been fun.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oops.
[SPEAKER_09]: Don't come back.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sorry, I was getting something out of my stream deck.
[SPEAKER_07]: What else is making her piece known as well?
[SPEAKER_07]: So that's interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: What else we have coming out this week?
[SPEAKER_07]: Call of Duty Warzone Mobile for iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_07]: Final Fantasy XIV for the Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Horizon Forbidden West Complete Edition on PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: Crimson on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dragon's Dogma 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Princess Peach Showtime on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rise of Ronin on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that is it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alrighty.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, let's travel to Japan right now and check out the releases coming out over there.
[SPEAKER_03]: So on March 21st on the Nintendo Switch, we have Yuki Yuna, Wayusha de Aru, Hanayui no Kirameke, volumes 5, 6, 7, and 8.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you want to buy four different volumes of this game, you can.
[SPEAKER_03]: And this is all about, I was curious, like, what the hell game necessitates this many releases?
[SPEAKER_03]: But this is about the six members of the Sanshu Middle School Hero Club.
[SPEAKER_03]: They get engulfed in a mysterious light.
[SPEAKER_03]: And when they come back to consciousness, the world has forestized and is invaded by vertexes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, anyway, each volume is a different story.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a visual novel, you know, you know what to either you love them, or you're skipping it.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know what you know which category you fall into.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, Dragon Quest 10 online what?
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say, shouldn't they be invaded by vertices?
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the proper plural of vertex.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'll use Google Translate, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: But anyway, let's talk about Dragon Quest X online.
[SPEAKER_03]: The all-in-one package also coming out for the Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is something you can't get here.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's versions 1 through 7.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's basically all the expansions they've done for Dragon Quest X. It's just another rebranding of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So if you have yet to get into this, you can in Japan, but it's still not out here for whatever reason.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know why.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also coming out on the Switch in Japan, Lisa, Bundle of Joy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ambitious Mission, Kemco RPG Selection Vol.
[SPEAKER_03]: 6, Azdivine Kimura
[SPEAKER_03]: Alphadia Genesis, Lost Dragon, and Dragon Lapis NBA 2K24 gets a price reduction
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, also Princess Peach Showtime does release on the 22nd over in Japan.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course, that would make sense that that is a worldwide release.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was just the Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: The PlayStation 5 has their own releases, which is pretty much overlapping some of those same ones you heard of.
[SPEAKER_03]: Lisa Bundle of Joy and the NBA 2K24 price reduction.
[SPEAKER_03]: But also in Japan, Dragon's Dogma 2 is on the Switch, as I'm pretty sure it is worldwide.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dragons Dogma 2 is not on the Switch, it's on the PS5.
[SPEAKER_03]: Rise of the Ronin also released on PS5 this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_11]: I haven't seen too many differences though for the UK, I mean, I'll be honest.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the 20th for
[SPEAKER_11]: For computer, PlayStation Xbox is Alone in the Dark.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the 21st for PlayStation and Xbox is the Inquisitor Deluxe Edition.
[SPEAKER_11]: Also on the 21st is Dungeons 4 Deluxe Edition for the same.
[SPEAKER_11]: On the 22nd, we have for PlayStation, Rise of the Ronin.
[SPEAKER_11]: On PlayStation and Xbox, Dragon's Dogma 2.
[SPEAKER_11]: On Switch, we have Princess Peach Showtime.
[SPEAKER_11]: And on PlayStation and Switch, we have Plate Up.
[SPEAKER_11]: And that will be it.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: We have just a few more.
[SPEAKER_03]: Actually, no, we don't have any more stories for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is where we're wrapping it up pretty much for tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got some last minute stories I can discuss.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll get to those in a minute.
[SPEAKER_03]: I do want to just quickly mention the listener roundtable as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: We did not have emails this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: I confirmed that with DarkSakura, but you can always send in emails.
[SPEAKER_03]: Participate at orangelandrated.com.
[SPEAKER_03]: We can also take calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're happy to take some calls if anybody wants to give us a call.
[SPEAKER_03]: Build-A-Bear is bringing Bidoof
[SPEAKER_03]: I like Bidoof, finish the story!
[SPEAKER_03]: Shane's favorite Pokemon
[SPEAKER_03]: I think Suikoden V in the short time he was at Konami.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I left it on my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_03]: I forgot to mention it, but the Ayaden Chronicles beta came out, which they're being very like, don't stream it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I want to say, I read like you're not, they don't even really want you talking about it on social media, but I'm like, fuck that.
[SPEAKER_03]: I paid for that game like six or seven years ago.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course I'm going to talk about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And plus I, I'm not going to do story spoilers because I know I'm going to have to replay everything.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I only played the first kind of like prologue
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll call it six months before.
[SPEAKER_03]: Those that have played it will know what I'm talking about.
[SPEAKER_03]: Those that haven't yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: It'll make sense later.
[SPEAKER_03]: I played that portion of the game and I'm into it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I actually thought it was pretty like the pixel inspired graphics.
[SPEAKER_03]: They kind of do a lot of similar stuff to Octopath, but I actually think like the sprites are better looking and the effects and everything.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like it really does feel like you're playing like an old school PlayStation one JRPG, but just like on
[SPEAKER_03]: Steam, in this case, because that's why I'm like, I'm gonna have to replay this all anyway, because I backed it on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I enjoyed it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I thought I thought it was neat.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I look forward to playing the full version.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yeah, I didn't Chronicles and it's a real bummer that the you know, guy behind this whole series really passed away because I think this game will get a good reception and he doesn't get to see that and it's really sad.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sorry to be a downer.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is a bummer because I think the game turned out pretty good.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll see when the full game releases.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's only a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to say it's mid-April when that game comes out, so it's not too far away.
[SPEAKER_03]: DJ Ranma S says, I kind of want to call in about 90s con and make the host feel old.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was living from your pictures, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'd love to hear more about it because it looked totally rad, which I guess would be an 80s thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: 90s con.
[SPEAKER_03]: I lived 90s con.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, does that restaurant still exist in Rancho?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's it's not there anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, the 80s restaurant.
[SPEAKER_07]: COVID COVID killed it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, that's not exactly the place you're gonna order from on DoorDash.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_07]: They they were they were made it at best.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was more of the ambiance.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, that's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: We do have someone on the Loki I don't know if you have more, but maybe you'll hold on.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, I don't.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, well, we have somebody waiting to talk to us.
[SPEAKER_03]: So let's bring them on the program.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hi there.
[SPEAKER_03]: You are on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_03]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh, hi, this is Aaron, YYR.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, YYR, it's great to hear from you.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's been a minute.
[SPEAKER_03]: How have you been?
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh, busy.
[SPEAKER_04]: Real busy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I understand.
[SPEAKER_03]: I understand.
[SPEAKER_03]: Life, life gets busy sometimes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I, uh, so, uh, I guess if, if you're wondering what I've been up to, my big headline is that I was accepted to the Indie Video Game Showcase at, um,
[SPEAKER_05]: TooManyGames in the Philadelphia area this year for the end of June.
[SPEAKER_05]: So basically what I am now doing is struggling to basically do as much of my super multitasking project before that as possible.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ideally I was hoping to finish the new version and finish the spin-off game, which is not yet started actually.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, well, okay, DJ Ranma S, I see that comment in chat.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the greater Philadelphia area.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like a... My California ass doesn't know the fucking difference, so just... It's fine.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, so yeah, the upgraded version of the main game, the spin-off game, and the free-to-play version.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'm basically rushing to finish all those up.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then,
[SPEAKER_05]: In the midst of all of that, I get an email from Google saying, hey, you remember that Google Play developer account you opened a few years ago?
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, if you don't release something in the next six weeks, we're going to close that because you're not using it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you see Sharpshooter Plus come out on Android by March 30th,
[SPEAKER_05]: That means I'm not getting killed on Android.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can't fake it by just doing a version upgrade to something else you'd released on there?
[SPEAKER_03]: Or you haven't released on Android?
[SPEAKER_05]: I have not released anything on Android yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, that's why.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: Got it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And actually, I got Sharpshooter Plus running on an Android tablet in like two days.
[SPEAKER_05]: um so it the game runs but uh i spent a week just trying to figure out how to sign things and create a self-signing certificate and learning how to use key stores and all this other nonsense
[SPEAKER_03]: shit that we always get hung up on any type of development like I love that you're sitting here going the game is fucking done it's all this other stuff that I'm getting hung up like this this is just totally like yeah this is what I would expect you I mean it sucks I'm sorry to hear it but yeah I'm not surprised either
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't even know if leaderboards are going to work, which is kind of crappy considering... Well, yeah, so I'll have to patch that in later.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the other thing that really... Just call it a quadruple A release.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can always patch it in later.
[SPEAKER_05]: Quadruple I release.
[SPEAKER_03]: I for indie.
[SPEAKER_03]: I, I, I, I.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know how other people deal with this, but apparently Google's rules for the Google Play Marketplace, exclusive to the Google Play Marketplace, is if any of your apps ask for money, whether it's in-app purchase or to buy it outright,
[SPEAKER_05]: You have to provide an address, a physical address that can be verified.
[SPEAKER_05]: And like hell I'm giving out my home address.
[SPEAKER_05]: So at first, this game may be free.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, completely free.
[SPEAKER_05]: No ads, no in-app purchase, no nothing.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can't do a mailboxes, etc.
[SPEAKER_03]: type of thing?
[SPEAKER_03]: Or UPS store?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know, but at any rate, I don't want to pay for it because I'm not like I'm making any money off of this.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah, until I figure out how to deal with that, it's probably going to be a completely free thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: But believe it or not, that's actually not why I called in.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, really?
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, to what do we owe this treat?
[SPEAKER_05]: I wanted to mention a couple of things that are going on that...
[SPEAKER_05]: that I'm a real big fan of.
[SPEAKER_05]: The first is a Stepmania event called ITL 2024 that began last weekend.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is basically the sequel event to last year's ITL 2023.
[SPEAKER_05]: ITL stands for International Timing League.
[SPEAKER_05]: The group that put this together is the ITC, the International Timing Collective, and basically what it is is a big stepmania event consisting of several hundred stepcharts that actually they start at level 7, like old-scale 7.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, I mean, if you can play 7s, you can try this out.
[SPEAKER_05]: And the...
[SPEAKER_05]: The charts run the gamut, all kinds of tech.
[SPEAKER_05]: You got your crossovers, you got your jackhammers, you've got foot switches, which is when, you know, basically, you know, if you play all the charts correctly, you're supposed to alternate your feet in most cases, but foot switches force you to switch the foot that you're using for the next step.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they, a lot of the chart designers use minds to clue you in as to when this happens.
[SPEAKER_05]: But a lot of these charts are never seen before, they have a lot of tech tricks that will make you think, they're hard to score on, and in fact, the version of StepMania that is used for this, and by the way, features automatic score submissions and all this other fun stuff, it introduces
[SPEAKER_05]: a special fantastic window which is smaller than in the group's fantastic window and the you are scored based on the new scale so uh yeah it's uh it's a serious it's serious business and uh i would say honestly because last year's event really blew up thousands of people participated and basically i would say anyone who still
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a super fun event.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't cost anything, it's StepMania after all.
[SPEAKER_05]: You download the stuff and go.
[SPEAKER_05]: It lives on Groovestats, remember that?
[SPEAKER_05]: Groovestats.com.
[SPEAKER_05]: A bunch of us probably still have accounts there.
[SPEAKER_05]: Even if you haven't logged in in years, they never went anywhere.
[SPEAKER_05]: They don't expire.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can log right into your Groovestats account.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: And you can log right into Groovestats and download the pack and jump right in.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's super fun and I would encourage anyone who still has an interest in step games to definitely check it out.
[SPEAKER_05]: All you have to do is go to
[SPEAKER_05]: ITL2024.groovestats.com to get started.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sadly, I don't have a home dance set up, but you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love that it's still going.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'll tell you why.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's to help speed up my footwork for ballet.
[SPEAKER_11]: So that I can get used to, because my joint mobility is a lot better.
[SPEAKER_11]: I still have a lot of pain, but I feel a lot better after I exercise or work out or move around.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so I was thinking of using that as part of my warmup to get my legs moving, because I'm apparently going to have a lead role in something coming up.
[SPEAKER_11]: But I'm glad that you brought that up because that's a good incentive.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, if you're looking for charts to play, you could definitely check out the pack.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anything else?
[SPEAKER_03]: I thought you said you might... Is that it or is there something else on your mind?
[SPEAKER_05]: There was one other thing I wanted to mention.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, I thought you mentioned something to it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, what's up?
[SPEAKER_05]: If you dig through your memories, you might remember me plugging Pocket Card Jockey on 3DS because it is a freaking amazing game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well,
[SPEAKER_05]: A sequel had come out about a year ago, but it was locked behind the Apple Arcade subscription.
[SPEAKER_05]: Until recently.
[SPEAKER_05]: The game is now available for outright purchase on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_05]: This new version is called Pocket Card Jockey Ride On, and it is basically a remake of the original game, except that it's a heck of a lot prettier.
[SPEAKER_05]: All the horse racing is rendered in full 3D now.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, basically, it's just a... If Derby Owners Club and Tripeak Solitaire had a baby, that's pocket card jockey.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's... Yes, it was announced in a partner direct, and I bought it the very next day.
[SPEAKER_05]: And yeah, it has silly writing, a lot of kooky characters, and it's basically, yeah, amazing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it has the whole thing with Derby Owners Club where, you know, you raise a horse, it has its career, it retires, it goes to the farm, and then... It becomes glue.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, that's when you pair it with your other retired horses, make babies, and then their kids run the races and do even better because they get superpowers and other properties from their parents.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is a game you can play forever.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do they turn into pandas?
[SPEAKER_05]: They don't.
[SPEAKER_05]: However, there is a horse that wears a cat mask.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, I'm down.
[SPEAKER_03]: You should play it and name your first horse Politary.
[SPEAKER_03]: How much does this game cost?
[SPEAKER_05]: It was in the $10 range.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't actually remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it was $10 or $12.
[SPEAKER_03]: Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy.
[SPEAKER_03]: What?
[SPEAKER_03]: Give me $10.
[SPEAKER_09]: Bitch, I'm poor.
[SPEAKER_09]: My birthday is the one coming up.
[SPEAKER_05]: I will mention, though, the i-thing version is still on Apple Arcade.
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you do have an active Apple Arcade subscription, feel free to jump in at any time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, YYR, it is always a delight to hear from you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Please let us know if you do get that game released on Android.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll make sure we give you a shout out because we already had I saw Bobby in chat was like, I'm happy to buy it to help support and I, I don't have an Android device.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, but you can buy it for $0 and 0 cents.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alan has an Android phone.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll make him purchase it as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: So you know, whether it's I will say whatever, being sharpshooter, it will play better on a tablet than on a phone.
[SPEAKER_03]: But he's got one of those.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ah, well, that's great.
[SPEAKER_05]: And now I will get back to trying to get as many badges as possible from Nintendo Badge Arcade while I still can.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which is very difficult now because you can't buy plays anymore because the store is closed.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so you have to rely on the free plays that you can earn from the training claw.
[SPEAKER_05]: And by the way,
[SPEAKER_05]: For about a year now, the training claw has been the same every day.
[SPEAKER_05]: It stinks.
[SPEAKER_05]: I honestly, I still prefer traveling with my 3DS over my Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, stop it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm gonna shut that soundboard down.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_03]: YYR, thank you so much for calling in.
[SPEAKER_03]: I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's always a delight to hear from you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, have a great week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thanks for the show as always.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_03]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_03]: We like having you around.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Good luck.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_04]: See you later.
[SPEAKER_11]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's always a delight to hear from YYR.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_11]: It really is.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge Radio
[SPEAKER_01]: Good.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just so you know, you twisted my arm.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what you did.
[SPEAKER_01]: You twisted my arm.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, you you're even wearing your shirt from the 90s con, aren't you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to hear about this.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just as I was telling mostly everyone out of the 20 plus years of conventions I have gone to, this is the first time I spent the most amount of money on.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I ain't talking hotel room.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm talking just straight up swag and stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did you actually like pay for selfies and all that stuff, too?
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh oh, uh oh, what's that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Is that an autograph?
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't tell what it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: Topanga, get out!
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, I got so emotional over this and I'll get into that in just a minute.
[SPEAKER_03]: So many straight boys crushed on her hard at some point.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's funny.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've seen those memes where they say your first crush was Kelly Kapowski and a bunch of us were like, yeah, no, it was not.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, Topanga.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know Topanga was popular, for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: For me, it was Topanga and Kimmy Gibbler.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, enough about the crushes.
[SPEAKER_03]: How was the con?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_01]: I actually had a great time.
[SPEAKER_01]: So basically, it's a three-day convention of basically the 90 stars of shows such as Boy Meets World,
[SPEAKER_01]: step-by-step basically like the TGI Friday lineups and other shows like 7th Heaven and so forth and they had like hour-long panels talking about the different shows and so forth I didn't go Friday because of work so I figured I go Saturday I go up grab some autographs and go home I forgot what it was like to wait on those long long lines of autographs
[SPEAKER_01]: But since the majority of the people were our age, there was not much in the ways of dillying and dallying.
[SPEAKER_01]: So the lines went pretty smooth.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I really couldn't complain about that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, I thought I saw like from the pictures you were posting, because I saw, you know, some of your stuff on on social media and it wasn't just, you know, I thought I saw like an arcade room set up with 90s arcadias.
[SPEAKER_03]: So tell me like the gaming since I guess it's I guess it has to be a gaming show sometimes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Tell me about some of the gaming stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's not much to tell.
[SPEAKER_01]: But seriously, the arcade, there was three pinball machines.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, three pinball machines?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, never mind.
[SPEAKER_01]: Three pinball machines and like three or four arcade machines.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was TMNT 1, The Simpsons, Mortal Kombat, and a Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_01]: arcade machine.
[SPEAKER_03]: for a 90s lineup that's pretty solid i would say just switch out the mario machine with a iron man stewart super off-road machine and there you go you have your quintessential pizza parlor lineup or put in a final fight a street fighter captain america the avengers drop a gauntlet machine in there you know
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe this, well it sounds like the con was probably a success, so they'll probably come back next year, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, this is their second, this is actually their third or fourth 90s con.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've heard of this con before, do they have it on the West Coast too?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I swear, maybe they just, this is a thing they do now, is these memory cons.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've never seen them advertised on the West Coast, but they have it in Connecticut around this time of the year, and then around September, I think, they have it in Florida.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: I, okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: I definitely heard about the Florida one because also, um, so the cruise, the Star Trek cruise, the, the same production company that does the Star Trek cruise the week after we get back every year has always been their next theme cruise, which is the eighties cruise.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they always go out with eighties bands.
[SPEAKER_03]: So like, you know, I don't remember who they had this year, but I know they get the old MTV VJs and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: And this year they're starting the nineties cruise.
[SPEAKER_03]: So they're gonna have the 90s cruise, and that is, I think, paired with the Comic-Con cruise that they're also starting.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're starting a Comic-Con cruise.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I think George Takei, for whatever reason, is doing that cruise, but not the Star Trek cruise, which is whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I think they're both shorter cruises.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think they're only five-day cruises as opposed to seven.
[SPEAKER_03]: But still, I find that interesting that the 90s and 80s retro stuff is all the rage.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I get it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I get it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: Definitely.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, the 90s Cruise has Lisa Loeb.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like, I love her.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I do.
[SPEAKER_03]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: I will say because of this con the next for the next two days, I'm at work.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll be listening to nothing but 90s theme songs and music.
[SPEAKER_01]: All of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I will be perfectly OK with that.
[SPEAKER_03]: But some Lisa Loeb in there, you know, the thing you want to I want to talk about her for a minute.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to know what she's eating and drinking because that woman has not aged a fucking day.
[SPEAKER_03]: Who her surgeon is?
[SPEAKER_03]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: You've seen my photos, you've seen Danielle Fischel, okay?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: She still looks like she's 15!
[SPEAKER_03]: I know, they're, the cosmetic things they can do to these things, amazing.
[SPEAKER_11]: According to Bon Appetit, a lot of kale, almond butter, chocolate chips, and protein.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, good to know, good to know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Lisa Loeb strikes me as somebody who eats healthy.
[SPEAKER_03]: She does, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, good for her.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's all about the kale.
[SPEAKER_08]: I eat kale every day and kale keeps me really skinny.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if you eat your kale every day, you too can be the picture of perfect health.
[SPEAKER_03]: I never want to hear the uwu kale voice ever again in my life.
[SPEAKER_01]: I will say I eat kale weekly because of the free lunches at work.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just keeps me regulated.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's the opposite.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_11]: I wish that I had kale and everything at work, but they tend to either put peppers and stuff or cilantro and stuff or both.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I'm like, you don't put cilantro on a burger.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sounds good to me, but I know I know it's a very divisive, especially cilantro does not taste like soap to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: It tastes very pleasant.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, it doesn't taste like soap to me either.
[SPEAKER_11]: It tastes like somebody's front lawn.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ouch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, Ranma, I'm glad to hear you had a good time at the 90s con.
[SPEAKER_03]: That sounds like a blast.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I'm happy there's more than just anime cons and stuff at this point.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not to knock the anime cons, but I think this is a great thing to expand into for the con circuit.
[SPEAKER_01]: But Rob, you do have a valid point, because I mean, there are Doctor Who conventions as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, they just had in L.A.
[SPEAKER_03]: the, what do they call it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Dang it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Regeneration Who?
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, well, maybe there's that one, too.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's one on the West Coast they just had.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's huge.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't remember the name of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dang it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Somebody in chat will yell it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: One of the one of the Whovians.
[SPEAKER_01]: But there was some cosplayers.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, you had a couple of Disney princesses running around because Jodie Benson and Laura Larkin.
[SPEAKER_01]: Linda Larkin was were there.
[SPEAKER_01]: So and I had to get a special autograph from Jody Benson because a friend of mine took his now wife on their very first date, which was- Thank you, PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_03]: Gallifrey One.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Gallifrey One.
[SPEAKER_01]: So she signed on art that he did.
[SPEAKER_01]: Happy anniversary to the two of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I got to especially frame that and ship it to them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's a surprise for his wife.
[SPEAKER_01]: So nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had like the usual stuff like in the dealers hall you find at most conventions and end up buying a couple more pops.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mako didn't have Daria so you know I had to add that to her collection because it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course Daria.
[SPEAKER_01]: I need a Daria!
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright I tell you what next time I see one I'll be at a con this week and I'll pick it up and send it to you.
[SPEAKER_11]: I love you forever.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: But like I said, this pop, the Topanga one, is like the nexus of my collection.
[SPEAKER_01]: Only because, not just the fact that us guys, straight guys, had like the biggest crush on her, the way her character was on the show, it kind of put in, gave me the direction of a type of person, type of woman I'd like to date.
[SPEAKER_01]: Someone that's nerdy, quirky, but it just opened my eyes to that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it helped.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's what and I was telling her that and I'm just trying not to like cry, but you know, but she she thought it was like a really amazing story.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when I was talking to Jodi Sweetin, I gave her a Pikachu lanyard because I discovered on one of our anime jam sessions, we were talking about one of the voice actresses.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ikui Otani, the voice of Pikachu, is the voice of Stephanie Tanner in Full House.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, how funny.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah, that I knew.
[SPEAKER_01]: She knew that and we spent like a good five minutes talking about Pokemon when they went to Japan to do the pressers for Fuller House and whatnot.
[SPEAKER_03]: I met her.
[SPEAKER_03]: I saw this picture on my Facebook.
[SPEAKER_03]: I met Jodie Sweetin at a con, a comic con, just a generic like wonder, wonder con, in Reno, Nevada.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember seeing that picture.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was like, you lucky son of a bitch.
[SPEAKER_03]: I went to Reno with a, unfortunately, ex-friend of mine.
[SPEAKER_03]: And we had a great weekend at the, because it was, it was a very Reno weekend.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, yeah, so it was a good con, despite the fact that the memories are a little tainted now.
[SPEAKER_03]: But all the celebrities I met, it was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: The good always outweighs the bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: You remember?
[SPEAKER_03]: You remember the moment?
[SPEAKER_03]: Not?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, Ranma, I will always... I'm downloading this clip and adding it to my voice reel.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will always remember these nice moments where you call in and chat with us.
[SPEAKER_03]: I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hope folks will check out Anime Jam Session on Tuesday, because I'm sure you'll be talking more about the con.
[SPEAKER_03]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_11]: Ronshon, what are you doing Friday?
[SPEAKER_03]: I will be at a convention Friday.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_03]: Where are you going this weekend?
[SPEAKER_01]: Damn.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I will be at Zenkai Con.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anime Jam Session kicks off their convention season by going out into the Amish country.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, Zenkai Con.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've heard you talk about that one before.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bring back a quilt.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bring back some butter.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't tempt me because I will.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know how much those quilts are though?
[SPEAKER_03]: Most Triumphant!
[SPEAKER_03]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: With that, Ranma is great.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know it's always a delight to hear from Ranma and all of you that take the time to call into our show, vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you're shy and you don't want to talk, that's fine too.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can always send us an email, participate at orangeandroid.com.
[SPEAKER_03]: In theory, we have a Twitter
[SPEAKER_03]: y'all know how I feel about that place but I do try to check in once that's how I saw that Loki had hit a milestone was I saw a tweet when I was in the OLR account so you can send us a tweet at OLR we always appreciate those actually I didn't I should look right now and see if we got any tweets it's always a bunch of spam I've only been like on mine to post when I'm streaming and to like check on my friends yeah yeah no I don't see anything still accessible yeah
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, link in bio link in bio.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, uh, Oh, I was gonna say on the Jeff Keighley story.
[SPEAKER_07]: I saw that he was pitching.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was it some sort of gamer smell thing?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like a machine that makes smells for your games.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, that that never worked.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, that did not work in movies.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not gonna except one.
[SPEAKER_03]: There was a John Waters movie that used it.
[SPEAKER_03]: To this day.
[SPEAKER_03]: It wasn't Pink Flamingos.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was one of the other ones he did before hairspray.
[SPEAKER_03]: Was it Female Trouble that used it?
[SPEAKER_03]: No, it was the one with Mink Stole and Tab Hunter.
[SPEAKER_03]: What's that fucking movie?
[SPEAKER_03]: Now it's gonna bother me.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love Mink Stole.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, every movie of his had Mink Stole.
[SPEAKER_09]: I just said I love her.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dang it, I can't remember.
[SPEAKER_03]: Polyester, that was the movie.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had the card.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had to look it up.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, it was a bad idea in movies, it's a bad idea in games.
[SPEAKER_03]: The only, I will say this, the only movie, the only movie, besides Polyester, because that's kind of joking anyway, the only movie where the smell really does enhance the experience is Soarin' Over California.
[SPEAKER_11]: And we all here know that it don't smell like that in real life.
[SPEAKER_11]: It smells like shit because of fertilizer and body sweat.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did you see the clip?
[SPEAKER_03]: Apparently, so, you know, a few years ago they changed Soarin' Over California to Soarin' Over the World, which is worse, by the way.
[SPEAKER_03]: But Soarin' Over California is back during the Food and Wine Festival.
[SPEAKER_03]: Patrick Warburton Patrick Warburton
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you so much, as always, for tuning in and supporting our show.
[SPEAKER_03]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, if you liked what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, help us tell a friend.
[SPEAKER_03]: Spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out here on air.
[SPEAKER_03]: So tell a friend.
[SPEAKER_03]: A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever you heard this, that goes an awful long way as well, and we appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_03]: We hope you all have a great week gaming, whatever you decide to play this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll be back in seven days to do it all again.
[SPEAKER_03]: Keep in mind, in four more episodes, we're going to hit a historic, it's literally a historic landmark in podcasting, which is weird to think about.
[SPEAKER_03]: But no other weekly video game podcast has hit 1000 episodes.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so that's, um, pretty wild.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm really excited about that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pretty, pretty special.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, uh, excited about that.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, anyway, uh, let's get around and get everybody's final thoughts before we wrap it up for the night.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, I imagine you are back to streaming Dead by Delight tonight.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, which I've, I've heard good things about the unknown.
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh, apparently it's the best original killer in a while, some are saying.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's actually kind of fun to play against.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's so crazy that they took that awful, awful Wonka event and put something out of it, you know?
[SPEAKER_07]: The unknown was like, who's this character?
[SPEAKER_07]: And now, now it's in a game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now he's known.
[SPEAKER_11]: But no one knows what it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then Gothmeg.
[SPEAKER_03]: So now there's Boonmeg and Gothmeg.
[SPEAKER_11]: No, well, yeah, but they're but they're also besties.
[SPEAKER_11]: But we of course, everyone knows that they're secretly in lesbians with each other.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, have fun playing Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll be tuning in in a little bit here.
[SPEAKER_03]: But do you have a final thought for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm going to try to adapt this motherfucker.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: You got this.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Later, taters.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right, Loki, your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got a lot of work to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got to get that theme park going.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Keep taking a long time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Final Fantasy VII Rebirth soon!
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_00]: Join us for our live show.
[SPEAKER_00]: Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_00]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.